today on lombard
Oh
cuz
hello beautiful grammys for those who
are new to my channel welcome don't
forget to subscribe just click right
here to subscribe button below remember
to follow me on my Facebook Twitter
Instagram or snapchat and I will call
you back my links will be in the
description box ok guys let's start
making these jello watermelon obviously
first you'll need a watermelon first cut
your watermelon in half lengthwise use
your knife to slice all the way around
the perimeter of the watermelon flesh
about an inch from the ring now make
some cuts like this then you say big
spoon to scoop out the flesh scrape down
the inside so that the surface is
relatively smooth and there's about half
an inch of red flash left on the ring to
keep the watermelon Bowl from moving
around on the tray you have to create a
bed with paper towels next put two
folded paper towels in opposite sides of
the tray your watermelon will lie in
that gap in the middle to fill the
watermelon you'll need three red jello
packages and one box of unflavored
gelatin start by boiling 8 cups of water
add all of the double packages into a
mixing bowl then add a box of
unflavoured gelatine next add 8 cups of
boiling water
just be impressed me with together for
two minutes until all of the gelatine
has they sold also add one cup of room
temperature water whisk for other two
minutes let them mix cool down for 15
minutes now fill the watermelon with a
jello mixture now that it's ready
refrigerate for four hours until the
jello is completely set once the dough
has set it's now time to cut the
watermelon if you are a minor I would
recommend having someone older to help
you with this next text use a very sharp
knife to cut the watermelon in half
lengthwise it looks so cool I was super
excited about it next cut each half into
1 inch slices crosswise you can cut them
as big as you want to it's done get
ready for the Amaze looks on your
friends faces serve on a nice plate this
is a perfect treat for any occasion also
for a summer party I love this idea so
much because it's super creative and fun
warning this yellow watermelon will make
everyone love you that's it for today's
video if you liked it give it thumbs up
also if you are new to my channel
subscribe right now just click right
here to subscribe button below follow me
on my Facebook your Instagram or
snapchat and I will follow you back I
will be by links in the description box
for today's video I'm answering three a
big youtubers question love you so much
you are so creative what is your
favorite food film & drink oh thank you
so much claw me I love you too my
favorite food is sushi my favorite movie
it's called wild child with super fun
and my favorite drink its diet coke
thank you for your question glammy if
you want to be featured on my next video
leave any question that you like in the
comments
and I will answer it on my next video I
love you glad me so so much and I will
talk to you guys later bye